float/README.md, before:

# math-lib-float

This repository is meant to provide support of floating-point numbers and extra features related to the native type `Bytes`.

This library introduces a `bytes_to_nat` function that allows to convert bytes to nat. 

This library introduces a `is_implicit_account` function that allows to discriminate KT1 addersses and tz1 addresses. This function is available on the native type `address` and also on native type `bytes` (usefull when an `address` value is packed into bytes, with the `Byte.pack` function).

This library introduces 2 representations of floating-point numbers:
- rationnal: where a number is represented by a couple (p, q) where n = p / q. All operations are applied in order to keep the number as a product and division of rationals.  
- float: where a number is represented by a couple (a,b) where n = a * 10^b. The scientifc notation considers that the `a` is defined as a float betwen -10 and 10) and `b` is a `nat`. Since there is no native float type, the `a` is a `nat` and can be greater than 10. All operations are applied in order to keep the number as a couple (a,b) where n = a * 10^b.

Basde on floating-point representation, this library introduces an implementation of trigonometric functions (cosinus, sinus). The implementation of sinus is based on Chebychev polynoms interpolation.

### Tests

A makefile is provided to launch tests.
```
make test
```

- [ ] Split into 3 things - core, float, rational & both
- [ ] Add MIT licence
- [ ] Publish 3 packages
- [ ] Fix unicode issue by using lib
- [ ] Fix Makefile
- [ ] Covert code & test to OCaml & benchmark
- [ ] Change the readme to communicate for this

Commit message:

Update README.md of core & float

float/README.md, after:

# math-lib-float

This library provides `Float` & `TrigoFloat` modules which export the following funcitons.

`Float` module
1. `new`     - `int -> int -> Float.t`
2. `inverse` - `Float.t -> Float.t`
3. `add`     - `Float.t -> Float.t -> Float.t`
4. `sub`     - `Float.t -> Float.t -> Float.t`
5. `lt`      - `Float.t -> Float.t -> bool`
6. `lte`     - `Float.t -> Float.t -> bool`
7. `gte`     - `Float.t -> Float.t -> bool`
8. `gt`      - `Float.t -> Float.t -> bool`
9. `mul`     - `Float.t -> Float.t -> Float.t`
10. `div`    - `Float.t -> Float.t -> Float.t`
11. `modulo` - `Float.t -> Float.t -> Float.t`

`TrigoFloat` module
1. `sinus`   - `Float.t * nat -> Float.t`
2. `cosinus` - `Float.t * nat -> Float.t`

The floating poing numbers are represented by a pair (a,b) where n = a * 10^b. The scientifc notation considers that the `a` is defined as a float betwen -10 and 10) and `b` is a `nat`. Since there is no native float type, the `a` is a `nat` and can be greater than 10. All operations are applied in order to keep the number as a pair (a,b) where n = a * 10^b.

Basde on floating-point representation, this library introduces an implementation of trigonometric functions (cosinus, sinus). The implementation of sinus is based on Chebychev polynoms interpolation.

### Tests

A makefile is provided to launch tests.
```
make test
```
